# SONNX meeting (04/09)

## Object
- ONNX Safety-related workgroup meeting

## Attendees
- Jean, Eric (ed.), Claire, Dumitru, Sergei, Henri, Nicolas,  Mariem
  
## Agenda
- Status of actions (see below)
  - [X]  <21/08> (Mariem) Convert the CONV operator specification to markdown. (see [here](https://github.com/ericjenn/working-groups/tree/ericjenn-srpwg-wg1/safety-related-profile/documents/conv_specification_example))
  - [X]  <21/08> (eric+Jean) Clarifies the use of github… => SeeMariem's presentation below.
  - [X]  (eric+jean) Propose an agenda for the KOM => see text below.
  - [X]  (all) Read the SOW and provide your feedback
  - [X]  <21/08> (Eric+Jean) In the SoW, Add to the SoW activities related to the validation of the WG results through its application to a practical use case

- KOM Agenda and organisation
  - Invitation text:
  >Dear Colleague,
  > On September 25th, 17:00-19:00, we organize the kick-off meeting of the Safety-Related Profile ONNX Working Group (WG).
  > The objective of this working group is to refine and clarify the semantics and syntax of the existing ONNX standard, ensuring unequivocal interpretation of models during the implementation phase.
  > This initiative was presented to the ONNX community during the ONNX MeetUp (June 26th, 2024) and the creation of the WG was accepted by the ONNX community on July 18th, 2024.
  > You will find the slides presented during this meeting here.  We will come back to this presentation and go into more details during the KOM. 
  > The agenda is available here. 
  > The "outlook invitation" will be sent in another mail. 
  > If you want to participate and have not received this invitation directly, please send a message to Eric (eric.jenn@irt-saintexupery.com) and Jean (jean.souyris@airbus.com).
  > Looking forward to meeting you on September 25th,
  > The co-chairs,
  > Eric JENN (IRT Saint-Exupéry) et Jean SOUYRIS (Airbus)

  - Proposed agenda
      1. **Introduction**: Presentation of the general objectives of the workgroup based on the slides shown during the meetup (Eric + Jean, 10 min)
      2. **Phase 1: Why?**
         1. Presentation of an example of regulatory requirements: the ARP. (Christophe, 15 min)
         2. Presentation of a few examples of issues posed by the current standard, choosing problems of various natures (Nicolas, 15 min)
      3. **Phase 2: What?**
         1. Presentation of an example of a set of requirements (???, to be prepared, 10 min)
         2. Presentation of an example of what the output of the work could be for the specification of an operator (Mariem + Eric, 15 min)
      4. **Phase 3: How?**
         1. Presentation of the work plan and the organization of the working group (Eric + Jean, 15 min)
         2. Brief presentation of the "hard points" that we have already identified (10 min)
      5. **Discussion** (All, 30 min)
      - Use of Github: See _Mariem presentation_
    
- Workplan (simplified)
    - See [here](https://extranet.irt-saintexupery.com/Extranet/Projets/SONNX/Work/_layouts/15/WopiFrame.aspx?sourcedoc=/Extranet/Projets/SONNX/Work/Documents%20partages/Admin/Workplan.xlsx&action=default)

## Minutes
- Discussion about the github structure and management.
    - Question was raised about the nature of the document we could put on the github:
      - The principle is that ANY document put on our repo is publicly accessible. So, **no document with restiction** shall be placed in the repo.
      - Concerning the possible publications of the workgroup, we will use a private Overleaf (e.g.) account to work in common. 
    - Mariem has reminded us the (usual) way to use github. See her [slides]()
    - This approach seems a bit complicated, especially if we are working in common on documents.It is necessary because the project is public and so requires some control before accepting modifications. Using a private project could be simpler. 
    - [X] (05/09) Henri to propose document edition / sharing modalities
      - See [proposal]()
    - Currently, we are working on Eric's branch that is hosted in a private account (github.com/ericjenn/...). It may be cleaner to use a specific account for our workgroup (e.g., github.com/sonnx./...)

## Actions
  - [ ] (09/09) Eric to check if we could create a SONNX account in github
  - [ ] (05/09) Eric to check with Ram if there is any "rule"/ "contraint" imposed by ONNX on the use of github 
  - [X] (05/09) Henri to propose document edition / sharing modalities
    - See [proposal]()
  - [ ]  <21/08> (Mariem, eric, Loïc) Propose an first axiomatization of tensors (3D, 4D) and use it to specify the CONV operator.
  - [ ]  <21/08> (Mariem, Loïc, Eric, Augustin) Specify the CONV operator for int8 and (e.g., ) float16….
  - [ ]  <21/08> (Eric+Jean) In the SoW, avoid the use of the term “ambiguity”. Be more explicit about the different types of requirements. Introduce the concept of "replication" 
  - [ ]  <10/07>(eric+jean) Organize some meetings as “advisory boards”
