### 2024/10/02
#### Agenda
- Start of activies on
    - scope definition (use cases)
    - elicitation of needs
- Discussion about the creation of a sub-group on formal methods

#### Minutes
(to be completed)

#### New actions
(to be completed)

#### Previous actions
- [ ] (A001 - Embraer) Clarify the role / organisation of the "Steering Committe"
- [ ] (A002 - all) Add / remove your name for the [participant list ](https://github.com/ericjenn/working-groups/blob/da1fb275bcbfb32af95fd8ef54589cde0e14f927/safety-related-profile/meetings/team.md) and provide information about your possible contribution
- [ ] (A003 - leads) Create templates to start feeding the list of **use cases**, **needs**, **requirements**, **issues**.
- [ ] (A004 - all) Propose a short communication during the next WG meetings. The list is [here](https://github.com/ericjenn/working-groups/blob/da1fb275bcbfb32af95fd8ef54589cde0e14f927/safety-related-profile/meetings/presentation_proposals.md).
- [ ] (A005 - leads) Organize sub-group on formal methods.
- [ ] (A006 -leads) Finalize the organization of the WG's repository. Define procedure to use it (inc. issues, wiki,...)
- [ ] (A007 -leads) Setup a mailing list

#### Closed actions
(to be completed)
